Now we got a running application. Now that is how we deploy our application to heroku, heroku is just
one possible hosting provider
so definitely explore alternatives,
check out the documentation for your favorite hosting provider to learn the exact steps on how to get
your code onto it and which additional configuration you might need to do,
that always differs a bit but it never differs that you need to get your code onto that server there
and spin up your node server and pass your environment variables, that is always the same,
so check out the docs for your favorite hosting provider.
Now this of course was our shop application,
it was not the rest API and not the graphql API
but there, I will not show you specific deployment videos because actually deploying these does not differ.
There
we still have a normal node server right, a node express application so we can deploy it in exactly the
same way.
The only thing that will differ is that we can't really click open app anymore,
well we can but then on the starting page, we'll not see much because there are no server side rendered
views,
instead we'll have an API running where we can send requests to and will then be our frontend application
or our mobile application where we have to adjust the
url to send the request to our now running hosted application and not to localhost anymore.
So there in your application, you'll have to exchange your urls here and use your hosted domain
and not localhost
but that is the only thing
and then the frontend app or the mobile app is deployed differently anyways.
A mobile app is sent to your users through the app stores, a frontend application as this one built with
react typically is deployed as a static web application and that is something you can learn in my react,
angular and so on courses.
You simply build this project with the build script you can find in package.json, in this case it
would be npm run build and this will then spit out a new folder with all the built and optimized code
and more on that
in the respective courses on these frameworks, why that is required and so on, you learned all about that there.
And then you would take that code,
in this case in the build folder and ship that to a static web post like for example AWS S3
and then serve your app on a totally different server than your node application is running on because
as you learned many times in this course, there is no strong relation between your node API and your frontend
mobile app, whatever it is.
So that is how you would deploy that.